welcome to klia2 located next to KLIA
klia2 is set to be the world's largest
dedicated low cost carrier terminal
accommodating up to 13 million
passengers a year the gateway at klia2
is the retail mall that is seamlessly
connected to the main terminal providing
passengers a smooth journey spanning
four levels and a neck let able area of
approximately 350,000 square feet with
over 200 shops the mall caters to every
customer level one is a true
transportation hub integrating ERL bus
and taxi services level 2 is the key
entry and access point to klia2 with
arriving passengers from the main
terminal as well as links to the
transportation hub and all parking area
it is well connected via travel ators
escalators and lifts to the mezzanine
and departures at level 3 the journey
continues with iconic FNB
and my
style retail concepts to be discovered
at the mezzanine level departing
passengers converge at level 3 and enjoy
seamless connectivity from the mall to
the main terminal
let's take a tour of the mall starting
at level two heralding a fresh
experience to air travel and shopping
gateway at klia2 is a haven for
travelers to shop dine and be delighted
specially designed with the traveler in
mind it is customer friendly with wide
blowin and easy to navigate walkways all
shops in this thriving business
environment have prime frontages with
strategic retail zoning for maximum
exposure to thousands of passengers
daily making gateway at klia2 a definite
commercial winner the malls modern and
exciting ambience stimulates passengers
desires to explore and shop the
mezzanine level provides a place to
unwind and rejuvenate featuring a
traveler's lounge concept with transit
passengers and families in mind it
offers a myriad of FNB lifestyle and
leisure experiences including a
children's zone and spa
level three is the destination for all
departing passengers
there is also a dedicated quick
departures drop-off for the convenience
of departing passengers gateway at klia2
is an exclusive location that provides
the opportunity to showcase your
products and services to customers from
around the world
retailers will enjoy high traffic and
visibility while passengers delightfully
indulge in the wide selection of retail
finds before taking off
just before checking in the green zone
allows passengers one last experience of
the tropics while the three levels of
alfresco dining provide clear views of
the runway gateway at klia2
a world-class airport more with as many
as 30 million passengers a year and
waits you welcome aboard
this exceptional retail chain